# hanhuang.tech  
- Starts up an Nginx container in Docker that hosts static files for above mentioned domain.  
- Requires certbot_gen_docker to generate certificates for TLS. Run the former before starting web.sh.   
- Features:  
  * HTTP2  
  * Require TLS 1.2 or 1.3  
  * Redirection to HTTPS encryption via SSL Certificate via certbot_gen_docker  
  * Frontend static site featuring html, css and javascript
  * Mounted /html directory on the host to allow on-the-fly static file changes to parallel this directory inside the container  
  
**Dockerfile**  
Nginx: Starts nginx alpine image.  
Expose: Map to tcp ports http (80) and https (443).  
  
**web.sh**  
Shell script: Docker run the "web" docker image built from dockerfile, and creates an interactive container called "web".  
Volume: Mounts from host /certs directory, generated by certbot_gen_docker which contains TLS certificates required for https of domain.  
Volume: Mounts from host /html directory to standard nginx /usr/share/nginx/html directory inside hosted container.  
Volume: Mounts from host /conf/hanhuang.tech.conf to /etc/nginx/conf.d/hanhuang.tech.conf inside docker container.  
Volume: Mounts from host /conf/nginx.conf to /etc/nginx/nginx.conf inside docker container.  
Publishes exposed ports from Dockerfile 80 and 443.  
  
**reload.sh**  
Docker: Runs command "nginx -s reload" in a running docker container called "web".  
* Requires docker container "web" to be running.  
* Reloads nginx service inside the above mentioned container.  
---  
### conf/  
**hanhuang.tech.conf**  
Contains: hanhuang.tech server block.  
Redirection: hanhuang.tech http (port 80) automatically redirects to https (port 443). Access by other hostnames returns a No response error.  
Try_files: Permits use of direct uri to access html pages.  
Try_files: Permits use of directories in uri on this domain to access index.html pages.  
Denies all access to /. (hidden files).  
  
### html/  
**html**, **css**, **js**, and **img**.  
For more information and about the use of these files please visit [hanhuang.tech](https://hanhuang.tech "hanhuang.tech home page").


Clothing Site
Simple responsive frontend clothing site built upon HTML/CSS, JavaScript.
Frontend
HTML: Shop frontend featuring Classic Tee, Small size choice and option to add items to My cart
CSS: Hover styling on Add to Cart, styling on My Cart when opened
JavaScript: Alert viewer when no items are added to cart.Open My cart to view added items